Task Description
The aim of this task is to implement a multi-client version of the course project you developed last semester.
After completing the final task, you will be able to:

Create a client-server application that meets the specified requirements
Use development tools in the process of creating an application


Before you begin development, review the theoretical part of the course project in the learning path for the previous semester.


Primary Requirements
The primary requirements include the following points:

The subject area of the current project should be aligned with the subject of your previous project. It should act as an extension of the course project and address the task of implementing at least two mandatory roles: user and administrator. The third visitor role is optional.
The administrator and user roles must have an authorization function, and all their functionality must be available only after successful authorization.
The administrator role must be able to manage users (list, add, delete).


User Requirements
The user requirements include the following points:

The client wants to list items (products).
The client wants to add new items to the database.
The client wants to remove items from the database.


Technical Requirements
The technical requirements include the following points:

The application should include both client and server components.
Data storage must reside on the server side.
Each client (including both users and administrators) should communicate with the server in a separate thread.

Clone your existing course project repository to create a new repository where you will work on the current project.

Make sure your solution is OOP style, not procedural!


Course Project Evaluation

You project will be assessed by your instructor based on criteria listed below. You can also use this list to check your own work and make sure your project includes all the required components.

Criteria	Description
Functionality	Implementation of all the requirements above
Object-oriented design	The structure of classes, data, and logic encapsulation
Testing	Built-in tests to verify the correct operation and identify possible errors
Documentation	Built-in documents to explain the code structure and functionality of classes and methods and describe how they interact
Originality	Your unique solution and code

The final score will be calculated using the following formula:

Final score = Task Evaluation Score + Bonus Points - Penalties


Detailed requirements/criteria for assessing tasks, as well as information on bonuses and penalties, can be found in the Course Project Evaluation Guidelines section of the learning path. Check below:

The maximum score for the project is 300 points, which are broken down as follows:

300 points for completing all required practical tasks (base score)
Bonus points for exceptional work to increase the final score for the project
Penalties for poor code quality or missing functionality
The final score is calculated using the following formula:

﻿

﻿
﻿

K1 – Base score; K2 – Bonuses; K3 – Penalties

If the final score exceeds 300, it will be capped at 300 points.

If the result is less than 0, it will be adjusted to 0 points.

Explore each component of the final score in detail.

﻿

Base Score
Your project must meet the following mandatory requirements:

Layered architecture is used.
There is no side framework (like Spring).
Two mandatory roles are implemented.
Storage is modifiable.
There is unit testing.
If any of above requirements is broken, then the result will be adjusted to 0 points. 

﻿

Evaluation Criteria

Your projects will be scored based on the successful completion of specific tasks for each architectural layer (max 300 points):

Client-server communication
DAO layer
Controller layer
View layer
Startup layer
Unit testing
Integration testing
If you received any points for the Client-server communication implementation, you can earn up to 300 points in total by completing the other requirements.

If you received 0 points for the Client-server communication implementation, your maximum possible score is 250 points, even if your final score is greater. 

﻿
﻿

﻿

The distribution of base points between the different layers is developed by the instructors and will be communicated to you before the start of the course project.

﻿

Bonuses and Penalties
You can earn bonus points by going above and beyond the basic requirements. Also, you may be penalized (K3) for neglecting critical parts of the project.

﻿
﻿

The list of bonuses and penalties as well as the scoring system for them is developed by instructors and will be communicated to you before the start of the course project.

﻿

Evaluation Template
The ITPU_EstimateTemplate_Java_sem4.xlsx ﻿ file will help you better understand the scoring algorithm.